To me, the fundemental purpose in showing your work as an academic is not accredation or building credibility, but rather proving value to your reader dispite the fact that you might be wrong.

Showing your work as both a digital historian and as normal historian allows someone to retrace your steps, making use of your research and ideas, but critically examning both those and your conclusions. History is done with the inevitable understanding that you were probably wrong about something.

In truth, if you don't find a way to include some of the actual data files you were working with or otherwise access to your sources, part of the value of showing your work is lost. This not only includes showing what your data is, but also what programs you used. In a perfect world, a digital historian would package the exact software they used to make their conclusions with the finished product for critical examination, but this is a challenge.

Dispite the focus of the course, I must admit I grow less and less convinced every week that digital history and... non digital history(?) should be considered seperatly in cases like this. Up to this point I've done partially digitial history: I've made heavy use of online material, and more then one project was bsaed online, one using google maps for a specific example. History and digital history, to me at least, seem increasingly blended. If someone doesn't use digital tools to augment arguments becuase they don't want to, from the creation of mapping resouces to anything else, that's just how you chose to present your work. However, if someone doesn't becuase they don't think it has value or they can't, that seems like a failing as a historian. 

I think the largest issue for digital history in this context is the lack of a digital-focused citiation system, designed from the ground up to incorperate programs, digital tools and research at the same time as scholarly articles. For one thing, if a historian uses a program, should the author of the program not be cited? Digital citiations (ie showing your work) seems less valueble right now partially because they just don't seem great, though I can only speak from my own experence and what I have been taught. 

